Fix documentation with correct information (#166)
ipdk-io/networking-recipe: docs/guides/security-guide.md

```

* Copy the generated ca.crt, stratum.crt, and stratum.key to the server

>   running infraP4D

Reviewer: Need to be all in lowercase `infrap4d`

Ports can be opened in insecure mode if needed. This is controlled
by a flag that needs to be enabled at runtime. Change the
`grpc_open_insecure_mode` value to `true` to allow insecure communication
Also, make sure `certs` directory is removed from the default location mentioned
above.

To launch infrap4d in insecure mode:

```bash

> $IPDK_RECIPE/install/sbin/infrap4d  -grpc_open_insecure_mode=true

Reviewer 2: I would suggest defining an `IPDK_INSTALL` environment variable and changing the examples to, e.g., `$IPDK_INSTALL/sbin/infrap4d` instead of `$IPDK/install/sbin/infrap4d`.

The semantic component that gets replaced is the base install directory, not its parent.

This way, the command works regardless of whether the recipe is installed in `$IPDK/install` or `/opt/p4cp`.

Author: Sure, good idea. Will take it as a separate PR since it will touch multiple files

on the same system as server).

### P4RT client

> The P4Runtime Control client will default to communicate via secure mode using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The P4Runtime Control client will default to communicating in secure mode using
```
A verb as a noun is a _gerund_, which calls for an _-ing_ ending.

"via secure mode" doesn't sound quite right to me. _via_ means 'through'. I think secure mode is something you're _in_, rather than something you _go through_.

port 9559. If certificates are not available, the P4RT client will attempt a
connection using insecure client credentials as a fallback mechanism. Note that

> the communication will fail if infrap4d runs in secure mode only. Both server and

Reviewer 2: Do we support a mode in which the _server_ falls back from secure mode to insecure mode? That's what "runs in secure mode _only_" implies. A more correct wording would be:

```suggestion
the communication will fail if only infrap4d runs in secure mode. Both server and
```

on the same system as server).

### P4RT client
The p4rt-ctl (P4RT client) will default to communicate via secure mode using
port 9559. If certificates are not available, the P4RT client will attempt a
connection using insecure client credentials as a fallback mechanism. Note that
the communication may fail if infrap4d runs in secure mode only. Both server and

> client should specify insecure mode for this to work.

Reviewer 2: _should_ or _must_?

Author: must

### gNMI client

> The gnmi-ctl(gNMI client for DPDK) or sgnmi_cli (gNMI client for Intel IPU E2100) requests

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately, the cool markup feature doesn't work (or I can't figure out how to make it work) on multiple lines.

"gnmi-ctl (the gNMI client for DPDK) and sgnmi_cli (the secure gNMI client) issue requests to port 9339. If infrap4d is started in insecure mode, a flag must be specified so the client also runs in insecure mode."
